# WSB-Scraper

Stock growth prediction algorithm through a Reddit data scraper.

## Usage

To run the scraper, a couple dependencies are needed first. Install both psaw and the Yahoo! Finance modules with
```
pip install psaw
pip install yfinance
```

To run the scraper for the calendar year of 2020, simply type `python search_wsb.py` from the terminal.

## Other Modules

1. heapsort - Implementation of a heap data structure
2. file_handling - Helper methods for creating the directories for the output files and writing the results from the scraper to file
3. search_stocks - Helper method for obtaining stock history for a given stock symbol, then calculating the percent change in the stock price from start_date to a week after start_date
4. plot_times - Takes times.csv generated by the main program, generates a scatter plot of the number of inputs vs. time, and overlays an estimated best fit line of O(n) _(note: the actual line's formula is y = 0.1x. After playing around with a few slopes, this seemed to best reflect the true value of the slope)_

## Files generated

The main program generates three directories, posts, scores, and results. 

__Posts__ contains json files for each day with posts that contain cashtags. Each json object shows the post's **_title_**, the number of **_comments_** on that post, the number of upvotes on that post (AKA **_score_**), the **_symbols_** encountered in that post, and the actual text of the post (AKA **_selftext_**).

__Scores__ contains json files for each day storing the scores for all stock symbols mentioned on that day.

__Results__ contains json files with the top three scoring symbols (or more in the case of a tie) showing their score and the percent change in the price of the stock for the week after it was mentioned. Score is calculated as 
``` score = 3 + num_comments + num_upvotes ```
The scalar value 3 was added so that symbols that are mentioned in posts with no upvotes and no comments at least receive some score.
